BD-3916: Add FAQ and alt text for AI item recommendation (#8942)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/brazeai/recommendations/ai_item_recommendations.md

At the top of the page, you can find statistics about your recommendation, such as precision and coverage.

> ![Recommendation audience example with 21.1% precision and 83% coverage.][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Recommendation audience metrics showing precision (21.1%), coverage (83.0%), and recommendation types split between personalized and most popular items.][5]
```

- **Personalized items** or **Most recent items:** This column lists each item in the catalog in descending order of most often recommended to users. This column also shows how many users were assigned each item by the model.
- **Most Popular items:** This column lists each item in the catalog in descending order of popularity. Popularity here refers to items in the catalog that users interact with most often in the entire workspace. Most popular is used as the fallback when personalized or most recent cannot be calculated for an individual user.

> ![An example of personalized items and most popular items to show the number of users who were assigned a recommendation.][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Side-by-side tables listing items assigned to users, separated by personalized recommendations and most popular recommendations.][6]
```

The **Recommendation overview** shows a summary of your chosen recommendation configuration, including when the recommendation was last updated.

> ![An example of a personalized recommendation.][7]{: style="max-width:45%" }

Reviewer: Since this one is listed info not shown in docs, I would explicitly list all of the items in the review screen.

```suggestion
![Recommendation overview table displaying type, catalog, event type, custom event name, property name, and last updated date.][7]{: style="max-width:45%" }
```

- Relevant items are no longer available or in stock.
- Items don’t meet the current selection criteria, perhaps due to a change in stock or user preferences.

> ### Are previous recommendations automatically trained weekly if I upgrade to Item Recommendations Pro?
> 
> Any existing recommendations don't automatically get updated to train weekly or predict daily. You can view the next train and prediction times on the **Recommendation** section when selecting a recommendation. We recommend recreating the same recommendation to have the updated schedules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Do existing recommendations train weekly after upgrading to Item Recommendations Pro?

No, existing recommendations won’t automatically update to train weekly or predict daily after upgrading. You can check the next training and prediction times in the **Recommendation** section by selecting a recommendation. For updated schedules, we suggest recreating your recommendations.
```

Reviewer: Something about the original phrasing felt a bit complex. I revised to try making it more direct and scannable, feel free to accept/reject at your leisure
